Release Cognitive Services Data Plane SDKs Round I (#4955)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/cognitiveservices/cognitiveservices-customvision-prediction/README.md

#### nodejs - Authentication, client creation and classifyImageUrl  as an example written in TypeScript.

##### Install @azure/ms-rest-azure-js

```bash

> npm install @azure/ms-rest-azure-js

Reviewer: The sample doesn't use `@azure/ms-rest-azure-js`. This api doesn't need credentials?

Reviewer: Same for customvision-training

Author: You are r8. Removed it

```

##### Sample code

> The following sample lets you predict and classify the given image based on your custom vision training. To know more, Refer the [Azure Documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cognitive-services/custom-vision-service/home).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following sample predicts and classifies the given image based on your custom vision training. To know more, refer to the [Azure Documentation on Custom Vision Services](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cognitive-services/custom-vision-service/home).
```
